okay so Steven Terry head chef chef Pat
role of the Hardwick but these are the
ten questions that every chef wants to
know HP or ketchup ketchup lager or
bitter bitter coffee or tea coffee the
Sun or the x times Marco or Gordon Marco
the biggest cowboy trick you've ever
seen or even better you'll admit see I'm
not clever enough to do it myself but
that's what I saw was so the Mayfair
Hotel back in the day when Gordon I was
my first L the saucier big banquet
Philly at beef individual Phillips
someone had totally shagged him okay -
it was like 200 of saying so what the
sauce cooked it because he knew that the
sous-chef was going to come along and
just touch the bomb once he cooked a few
more put more on the problem who's that
Laura shagged that's very clever that's
very clever that that's very clever
okay worst eatery cut off scale you've
seen all you've had gained at the motel
young lad come out the walk-in fridge
when the old glass jars big catering up
to Tommy ketchup zips on the floor both
got in the air jar comes down before him
this hand here went down onto the onto
the glass it was like taking the chicken
leg off it just sliced her there that
just went like that blood to swim and
also that sous-chef les DP that you know
I hate asking that question because a
cringy put his fingers into the guys
made it up and put his fingers and put
the ashes girl in it didn't save his
life may save him a lot blood ah this is
absolutely horrendous Christ Burger King
or McDonald's Burger King chips on
Madonna's burgers new poncey the
last CD DVD blu-ray or summat from
iTunes that you downloaded all you
brought or you're listening to plus V
video bought was last week and it was a
gift for a friend of Max's one of my
favorite films and it's called a cronut
okay look best on film okay I'm gonna
sound all highbrow I don't even know
what it is but I'll take your word for
it and last of Wyoming's least if you
weren't a chef
you would be a better husband than Abed
fantastic well listen thank you very
much Steven you've been a complete
starch it pleasure thank you
you